chore: Release litep2p v0.13.0 (#522)
paritytech/litep2p: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.13.0] - 2026-01-21

> This PR brings multiple fixes of transport and application level protocols. Also, Bitswap client functionality is introduced, what makes this release semver breaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release brings multiple fixes to both the transport and application-level protocols.

Specifically, it enhances WebSocket stability by resolving AsyncWrite errors and ensuring that partial writes during the negotiation phase no longer trigger connection failures.

At the same time, Bitswap client functionality is introduced, which makes this release semver breaking.
```
